<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" />
    <meta http-equiv="content-language" content="en-US" />
    <meta name="author" content="Matthias Kolonko, $LastChangedBy$" />
    <meta name="description" content="License agreement for KRAS ($LastChangedRevision$)" />
    <meta name="keywords" content="KRAS, license, agreement" />
    <meta name="date" content="$LastChangedDate$" />
    <title>KRAS License Agreement</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../lib/css/layout.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../lib/css/print.css" media="print" />
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>
      License Agreement
      <br />
      for the Referee Administration System
      <br />
      (following called &quot;KRAS&quot;)
    </h1>
    <h2>1. License Coverage</h2>
    <p>
      Usage of the KRAS application offered by the project group for the Referee Administration System of the
      University of Applied Sciences Augsburg (following called &quot;project group&quot;) is only permitted under
      the restrictions of this license.
      By installing this software package the validity in its respective version is accepted.
    </p>
    <h2>2. Usage Rights</h2>
    <p>
      The project group grants a non exclusive and non transferrable right to the BJV (Bayerischer Judo-Verband e.V.,
      Register no.: VR 7631, Registry court: Munich) to use the provided software completely respectively to dispose it as
      needed.
      Usage covers also modification and enhancement of the system.
    </p>
    <p>The software is given to the BJV without any charge including all source code.</p>
    <p>
      Neither software nor documentation may be offered, sold, rented or provided in any other way to third parties.
      Nonetheless, the BJV is allowed to pass the software on under the condition that the recipient performs a donation
      of 200,- € to
    </p>
    <div>
      <p>
        SOS-Kinderdorf e.V.<br />
        Renatastraße 77<br />
        80639 München
      </p>
      <p>Register no.: VR 6243 - Registry court: Munich</p>
      <p>
        Phone: +49 (89) 12 606 – 0<br />
        Fax: +49 (89) 12 606 – 404<br />
        <a href="info@sos-kinderdorf.de">info@sos-kinderdorf.de</a><br />
        Internet: <a href="www.sos-kinderdorf.de">www.sos-kinderdorf.de</a>
      </p>
      <h3>Bank account:</h3>
      <p>Reuschel Bank Munich</p>
      <table>
        <tr>
          <th>BIC</th>
          <td>CHDBDEHHXXX</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>IBAN</th> 
          <td>DE64700303000001225777</td>
        </tr>
      </table>
      <p>Transfer purpose: KOM – „KRAS“ des Bayerischen Judo-Verbandes e.V.</p>
    </div>
    <p>
      or to the respective successor in law.
      The donation must be proved by transmitting a transfer receipt to the BJV.
    </p>
    <p>
      Hence, this license agreement shown up here is also applicable for anyone who received this software via
      the described way!
    </p>
    <p>
      As the members of the project group are the authors of this software, they are allowed to use this software
      system, to utilise or change it as a whole in parts of it.
    </p>
    <p>
      This software and its documentation are protected by the national laws of Germany concerning copyright,
      international contracts concerning copyright as well as further laws and aggreements concerning intellectual
      property.
      The user will respect these rights. Espescially, he or she will not remove alphanumeric IDs, trade marks
      nor copyright notes from the software itself or the documentation or copies of that.
    </p>
    <p>
      §§ 69a ff. Urheberrechtsgesetz (German copyright law) remain untouched.
      (<a href="http://transpatent.com/gesetze/urhg11.html">http://transpatent.com/gesetze/urhg11.html</a>)
    </p>
    <h2>3. Legal Disclaimer</h2>
    <p>
      The project group does not guarantee the correctness, completeness or quality of the provided application.
      Claims for liabilities resulting from material or immaterial damages that have occurred through the usage
      of the application respectively through the usage of error prone or incomplete parts of it are strictly excluded
      as long as the project group did not cause this on purpose or recklessly.
    </p>
    <p>
      As software and documentation are provided free of charge, a legal liability for material defects or defects of title of
      it is excluded.
      This covers espescially the correctness, guarantee that there are no errors, freeness of copyrights
      of others, completeness and/or usability
      except for malice or fraud, which can be espescially the
      implementation of back doors to gain knowledge of the data to unauthorized persons.
    </p>
    <h2>4. data protection</h2>
    <p>
      This application has a database at its ground which can be used via the scripting language PHP.
      The system was implemented with an authentication to prevent unauthorised access to the database via the system.
      The agreements of number 3 apply respectively here!
    </p>
    <p>
      To obey all legal regulations concerning data protection is the responsibility of the BJV (resp. any other
      receiver of this system).
      This applies espescially for the underlying database.
    </p>
    <h2>5. Legal Effect</h2>
    <p>
      These license agreements are to be seen as part of this application and may not be removed or changed in part or completely.
      It is strictly forbidden to pass on this software as mentioned in number 2 without these license agreements.
    </p>
    <p>
      It has no effect to the meaning or the validity of the other parts of this text if parts or particular
      phrasings of this text do not conform to the current legal situation or do not do that any longer.
    </p>
    <p>
      This is merely a translation of the original license agreement which is provided in German.
      In case of misunderstandings or contradictions the original German version has to be considered valid!
    </p>
    <p class="current_version">$LastChangedDate$</p>
  </body>
</html>
