<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" />
    <meta http-equiv="content-language" content="en-US" />
    <meta name="author" content="Matthias Kolonko, $LastChangedBy: kolonko $" />
    <meta name="description" content="Basic User documentation for KRAS ($LastChangedRevision: 37 $)" />
    <meta name="keywords" content="KRAS, user doc, basic" />
    <meta name="date" content="$LastChangedDate: 2013-08-04 17:36:55 +0200 (So, 04 Aug 2013) $" />
    <title>KRAS User Documentation</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../lib/css/layout.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../lib/css/print.css" media="print" />
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>KRAS User Documentation</h1>
    <h2>Preface</h2>
    <p>
      Dear referees,
      <br />
      in the following you will find a manual of our system to manage the referee register and their events.
      At the beginning the particular menu entries respectively their function will be clarified and later on 
      the masks associated with the referring menu entry will be described.
    </p>
    <h2>Contens</h2>
    <ol>
      <li>
        <a href="#general">General Considerations</a>
      </li>
      <li>
        <a href="#client-prerequisites">System Requirements for the Users</a>
      </li>
      <li>
        <a href="#overview">The Menu Entries at a First Glance</a>
        <ol>
          <li>
            <a href="#overview-own_data">Change Own Data</a>
          </li>
          <li>
            <a href="#overview-ref_register">View Referee Register</a>
          </li>
          <li>
            <a href="#overview-application">Event Registration</a>
          </li>
          <li>
            <a href="#overview-scheduled">Show Scheduled Events</a>
          </li>
          <li>
            <a href="#overview-mark_archive">Mark Archive</a>
          </li>
          <li>
            <a href="#overview-legend">Legend</a>
          </li>
          <li>
            <a href="#overview-download">Download Area</a>
          </li>
          <li>
            <a href="#overview-logout">Logout</a>
          </li>
        </ol>
      </li>
      <li>
        <a href="#details">The Menu Entries in Detail</a>
        <ol>
          <li>
            <a href="#detail-own_data">Change Own Data</a>
          </li>
          <li>
            <a href="#detail-ref_register">View Referee Register</a>
          </li>
          <li>
            <a href="#detail-application">Event Registration</a>
          </li>
          <li>
            <a href="#detail-scheduled">Show Scheduled Events</a>
          </li>
          <li>
            <a href="#detail-mark_archive">Mark Archive</a>
          </li>
        </ol>
      </li>
      <li>
        <a href="#glossar">Glossary</a>
      </li>
    </ol>
    <h2>
      <a name="general" />
      General Considerations
    </h2>
    <p>
      Please keep in mind that this system is based on internet technology! For this reason, it can happen sometimes
      that the requested action might take a little bit longer. It is not advicable to press the button immediately a
      few times if this happens. This can lead to undesired effects. (E.g. creation of double events.)
    </p>
    <p>
      The system is protected through user name and password against access from outside - only referees have access!
    </p>
    <p>
      The system logs you out automatically after a certain amount of time being inactive to ensure only registered users being able to access the system.
      This is for security reasons and to avoid problems if you forgot to log out yourself.
    </p>
    <h2>
      <a name="client-prerequisites" />
      System Requirements for the User
    </h2>
    <p>There are a view points for the users to take into account to use the system in the best way:</p>
    <p>
      KRAS has been developed according to the standards provided by the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C).
      Tests of KRAS were made basically with Mozilla Firefox. But any other Browser (e.g. Google Chrome or Microsoft Internet Explorer)
      should be applicable as long as the decent versions are used.
      <br />
      <em>Attenetion: Espescially using Internet Explorer BEFORE version 8 is considered absolutely discouraged!</em>
    </p>
    <p>
      The system uses JavaScript. Therefore, please activate JavaScript to be able to use the full potential of the application.
      The JavaScript elements are basically for checks of reasonable input of the user respectively to prevent false input.
      Hence, it is to ease your life!
      Without JavaScript those little helping elements won't be at your service. Anyway, all functions will be available.
    </p>
    <h2>
      <a name="overview" />
      The Menu Entries at a First Glance
    </h2>
    <h3>
      <a name="overview-own_data" />
      Change Own Data
    </h3>
    <p>
      With this menu entry you can view and change your own data that is present in the system.
      <br />
      Here you can also get your private Link to your personal event calendar via iCal.
    </p>
    <h3>
      <a name="overview-ref_register" />
      View Referee Register
    </h3>
    <p>
      This menu entry shows a list of all referees in the system. Hence, all necessary information ist visible.
      As the data is provided by the users themselves, all data will be always up to date.
      The data of a single referee can be downloaded here as vCard as well.
    </p>
    <h3>
      <a name="overview-application" />
      Event Registration
    </h3>
    <p>
      This menu entry leads to a list of events that are relevant for the user being logged in.
      The user can apply here for those events at the same time.
    </p>
    <p>
      If there are any events not present in this list, then the particular district might not been activated for the user.
      In this case, inform the administrator to activate those districts.
    </p>
    <h3>
      <a name="overview-scheduled" />
      Show Scheduled Events
    </h3>
    <p>
      Here you can find an overview of all events where you have been nominated for by the responsible chief referee.
      You can use this list as an overview for your information or to print it.
      You can also use this overview to cancel certain events you have been nominated for.
    </p>
    <h3>
      <a name="overview-mark_archive" />
      Mark Archive
    </h3>
    <p>
      Via this menu entry you can review the events being nominated for with the given marks of the past years.
    </p>
    <p>It is subject to the decision of the administrator how far this archive reaches into the past.</p>
    <h3>
      <a name="overview-legend" />
      Legend
    </h3>
    <p>
      This menu entry gives an overview over the different formats used in this system.
      As these formats can be changed for every instance, it is useful to clarify the different meanings.
    </p>
    <p>
      Please keep in mind: The different formats can be used at the same time for one passage.
      (Example: Event has been marked cancelled for the user and the event has been updated since the last login.)
    </p>
    <h3>
      <a name="overview-download" />
      Download Area
    </h3>
    <p>
      This menu entry leads to a certain page that is configured by the administrator.
      This page normally presents a list of downloadable documents that are relevant for the referees work.
    </p>
    <p>Unlike all other menu entries, this one opens a new browser page or tab.</p>
    <h3>
      <a name="overview-logout" />
      Logout
    </h3>
    <p>
      Clicking on this button results in logging out the user from the current session.
      You should always use this button for security reasons to reduce the possibilites of abuse.
    </p>
    <p>
      If the user does not logout himself, he or she will be logged out automatically after a given period of time of inactivity.
      At the same time, he or she will be reminded at the next login to log out regularly!
    </p>
    <p>
      The system will save the timestamp at logout as the time of the user being online for the last time.
      If he or she didn't log out regularly, this will be done at the next login.
    </p>
    <h2>
      <a name="details" />
      The Menu Entries in Detail
    </h2>
    <h3>
      <a name="detail-own_data" />
      Change own Data
    </h3>
    <p>When chossing this menu entry, the data of the logged in referee appears.</p>
    <p>The form only lets the user the following fields:</p>
    <ul>
      <li>Adress, ZIP, Town</li>
      <li>Club</li>
      <li>Number of the Judo ID card (if present)</li>
      <li>eMail adress</li>
      <li>Telephone number</li>
      <li>Login credentials for the system.</li>
    </ul>
    <p>For changing any other fields of the data you have to inform the responsible administrator.</p>
    <p class="attention">
      <em>Attention</em>
      :
      <br />
      In case you are registered in several instances of KRAS (e.g. state and federal administration is handled in 2 instances)
      you have to ensure that <q>Number of the Judo ID card</q> is identical in all instances!
      <br />
      This number will be used as a pseudonym to where the disposition data of a referee will be bound to when the 
      instances exchange those between each other. Hence, the real personal data will not be sent via the Internet.
    </p>
    <h4>iCalendar connection</h4>
    <p>
      The system creates an individual URL for the personal calendar of assignments by activating the checkbox
      <code>Calculate iCalendar URL</code>
      before pressing the 
      <code>save</code>
      button. This URL will be presented at this place afterwards as a hyperlink.
      <br />
      If there had been existing such a URL already, it will become invalid by doin this!
    </p>
    <p>The system provides two URLs:</p>
    <ul>
      <li>
        The calendar behind the first URL contains all events a user applied for. Events will be marked as 
        <code>transparent</code>
        if the user was not assigned for it. Events will be marked as
        <code>confirmed</code>
        if the invitation mail has already been sent.
      </li>
      <li>
        However, not all of these markings will be recognized by the different calendar programs.
        Hence, the second URL provides a calendar containing only the events the user was assigned for.
      </li>
    </ul>
    <p>The URL can be used in every calendar program that is capable of the iCalendar protocol.</p>
    <h4>
      Button
      <code>Save</code>
    </h4>
    <p>
      Only after clicking on this button your changes will be safed.
      If you save to another mask wihtout saving, all your data will be lost!
      <br />
      When saving the data the timestamp of the change will be saved, too.
    </p>
    <h4>Comments concerning the fields:</h4>
    <table>
      <tr>
        <th>E-Mail:</th>
        <td>
          <p>
            Please double check the provided mail address being correct. This mail address will be used for sending
            invitations and reminder by the system as well!
            <br />
            Hence, this field must not be empty! If you leave this field empty anyway, the system will propmpt for
            a valid mail address (if JavaScript is activated).
            If you want to provide several mail addresses, you can provide them in this field as well seperated by a
            regular comma. The system will then send mails to all of these addresses.
          </p>
          <p class="attention">
            The provided mail addresses will be checked for correct syntax.
            If the provided address is not a valid mail address, an error message will be shown.
          </p>
        </td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <th>Username:</th>
        <td>
          The username has to be unique inside the system. If you choose a name that already exists, an error message
          will be schown and the old username will stay active.
        </td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <th>Password:</th>
        <td>
          <p>
            You have to provide a new password twice to avoid typos.
            If the first input does not match the second, an error message will be shown and the old password remains active.
            All other changes will be saved anyway.
          </p>
          <p>Of course, the password will not be changed, if these fields remain empty.</p>
        </td>
      </tr>
    </table>
    <h3>
      <a name="detail-ref_register" />
      View Referee Register
    </h3>
    <p>After choosing this menu entry the system will show a list of all referees grouped by district.</p>
    <p>
      The hyperlink showing the mail address of a referee will open a window of your local mail program with the
      shown mail address as recipient to send a regular mail.
      <br />
      <strong>Attention:</strong>
      To use this function you need a mail client installed on you computer.
    </p>
    <p>Clicking on the name of a referee will show his register entry.</p>
    <h4>
      Button
      <code>Sort by name</code>
    </h4>
    <p>This button will sort all entries only by name wihtout any grouping.</p>
    <h4>
      Button
      <code>Sort by district</code>
    </h4>
    <p>This button will group the entries by district.</p>
    <h3>
      <a name="detail-application" />
      Event Registration
    </h3>
    <p>
      The menu item will show a list with all events you are approved for to sign in.
      Approval will be given by the responsible chief referee upon district level.
      If there is a district missing, please contact the responsible chief referee.
    </p>
    <p>
      <strong>Hint:</strong>
      The districts you are approved for can be checked under <a href="#detail-own_data">Change Own Data</a>. 
    </p>
    <p>
      New or changed events (since last login) and events for which the invitations have already been sent will be marked.
      (By default new and changed events bold and sent events green.)
    </p>
    <p>
      The first column contains a checkbox for every entry to choose the events you want to apply for.
      <br />
      It is not a problem at all to apply for events that are overlapping in time. The chief referees will see
      that you are already nominated for an event at the same time.
    </p>
    <p>
      Of course, you can uncheck the checkboxes later if something else gets in the way.
      But this is only possible as long as you have not been nominated for that event.
      <br />
      In that case, the checkbox will be deactivated and it can not be unchecked again.
      <br />
      Please contact the responsible chief referee to cancel the event.
      <br />
      As soon as he accepts the cancellation you will see that in
      <a href="#detail-scheduled">
        <code>Show scheduled events</code>
      </a>
       – the event will be shown with a line throug their then.
    </p>
    <p>
      The changes will only be saved by clicking the
      <code>Save</code>
      Button. If you choose another menu entry without using that button, all changes will be lost!
    </p>
    <p>A timestamp will also be saved when clicking this button.</p>
    <h4>
      Button
      <code>Sort by date</code>
    </h4>
    <p>
      The list will be sorted by date without the default grouping by district.
      <br />
      Seminars are kept separately all the time.
    </p>
    <h4>
      Button
      <code>Sort by district</code>
    </h4>
    <p>
      This will group all events by their district.
      <br />
      Siminars are kept separately all the time.
    </p>
    <h3>
      <a name="detail-scheduled" />
      Show scheduled Events
    </h3>
    <p>
      This menu entry shows a list of all events which the current user has been nominated for.
      <br />
      Events which are presented with a <em>line through</em> it (this kind of presentation can be changed!) represent events
      the current user has been nominated for and canceled the participation again.
      The cancelation must be set by the chief referee in the system.
      <br />
      Events that have been changed since the last login and events where the invitations have already been sent will
      be presented in a different mannor in the list. (by default bold respectively green)
    </p>
    <p>The list can be printed with the functionality of the browser.</p>
    <p>
      The radiobutton in front of each line enable the user to select one of the events. 
      By clicking the Button <code>Cancel</code> the selected event will be transferred into a form to send a cancelation
      e-mail to the chief referee.
      Please select at least one chief referee in this form (you can choose more), wright a short explanation and click <code>Send</code>.
      <br />
      You will receive the e-mail sent by the system yourself for checkup reasons and if you activate the checkbox you will receive a return receipt from the recipients as well.
    </p>
    <p>
      The links <code>CP</code> and <code>Disposition</code> lead to separate pages that open in an additional window
      showing the designated carpool respectively the whole disposition of the event for the nominee.
      Clicking on one of the presented referee names shows the referee's entry in the system.
      In the carpool window, there is an additional link that enables the user to send an e-mail to all referees of the presented carpool.
    </p>
    <h3>
      <a name="detail-mark_archive" />
      Mark Archive
    </h3>
    <p>
      The menu shows events of the past with the mark the current user received for his refereeing at athis event.
      It depends on the decision of the refereeing commission how far this archive goes back into the past.
    </p>
    <p>
      This archive is for getting an overview of the visited events and checking ones performance.
      <br />
      For that reason, you can find an overall average mark of the current and the previous year at the bottom of this page.
      The "year" is not necessarily the regular calendar year.
      It depends on system settings where the cut is done, e.g. at the first of November.
    </p>
  </body>
</html>
